README.md, before:

# Rail-lovable (Scheduler)

Lightweight Railway worker that:
1) Fetches tracked queries from Supabase (optional), or uses a hardcoded list.
2) Calls your external scraper at `$SCRAPER_BASE_URL/scrape?query=...`
3) Posts the payload to your Supabase Edge Function (`$SUPABASE_FUNCTION_URL`) for storage.

## Env vars (set in Railway)
- SCRAPER_BASE_URL: https://scraper-production-22f6.up.railway.app
- SUPABASE_FUNCTION_URL: <Edge Function URL>
- SUPABASE_FUNCTION_TOKEN: <Anon or Service Role key for EF auth>
- SUPABASE_URL (optional): <Supabase base URL>
- SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY (optional): <Service role key>
- BATCH_LIMIT (default 20)
- SLEEP_JITTER_SECS (default 2.0)
- REQUEST_TIMEOUT_SECS (default 60)

## Run locally
```bash
python -m venv .venv && source .venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
cp .env.example .env  # then edit values
python scheduled_scraper.py
```

## Deploy on Railway
1. Create a new Service → Python → connect this GitHub repo.
2. Set Variables from .env.example (never commit secrets).
3. The service will automatically start with the worker command defined in `railway.json` and `Procfile`.
4. Create a Cron Job:
   - Command: `python scheduled_scraper.py`
   - Schedule: `*/30 * * * *` (every 30 minutes) or `0 * * * *` (hourly)
5. Run the job manually once to test and check logs.

## Notes
- If you don't want DB lookups yet, use HARDCODED_QUERIES in scheduled_scraper.py.
- CORS doesn't apply (server-to-server).
- If the Edge Function requires auth, pass SUPABASE_FUNCTION_TOKEN in the Authorization header.

Commit message:

Fix environment variable handling: graceful errors and better startup messages

README.md, after:

# Rail-lovable (Scheduler)

Lightweight Railway worker that:
1) Fetches tracked queries from Supabase (optional), or uses a hardcoded list.
2) Calls your external scraper at `$SCRAPER_BASE_URL/scrape?query=...`
3) Posts the payload to your Supabase Edge Function (`$SUPABASE_FUNCTION_URL`) for storage.

## Env vars (set in Railway)
**Required:**
- `SCRAPER_BASE_URL`: https://scraper-production-22f6.up.railway.app
- `SUPABASE_FUNCTION_URL`: Your Supabase Edge Function URL
- `SUPABASE_FUNCTION_TOKEN`: Anon or Service Role key for Edge Function auth

**Optional:**
- `SUPABASE_URL`: https://zuhazlfmgcrmajnxijsm.supabase.co (for database queries)
- `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY`: Service role key (for database access)
- `BATCH_LIMIT`: 20 (default)
- `SLEEP_JITTER_SECS`: 2.0 (default)
- `REQUEST_TIMEOUT_SECS`: 60 (default)

## Run locally
```bash
python -m venv .venv && source .venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
cp .env.example .env  # then edit values
python scheduled_scraper.py
```

## Deploy on Railway
1. Create a new Service → Python → connect this GitHub repo.
2. Set Variables from .env.example (never commit secrets).
3. The service will automatically start with the worker command defined in `railway.json` and `Procfile`.
4. Create a Cron Job:
   - Command: `python scheduled_scraper.py`
   - Schedule: `*/30 * * * *` (every 30 minutes) or `0 * * * *` (hourly)
5. Run the job manually once to test and check logs.

## Notes
- If you don't want DB lookups yet, use HARDCODED_QUERIES in scheduled_scraper.py.
- CORS doesn't apply (server-to-server).
- If the Edge Function requires auth, pass SUPABASE_FUNCTION_TOKEN in the Authorization header.

## Troubleshooting

**Container crashes on startup:**
- Check that all required environment variables are set in Railway dashboard
- Look for "ERROR:" messages in the logs for specific missing variables

**No queries running:**
- If using database: Set `SUPABASE_URL` and `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY`
- If not using database: The script will use hardcoded sample queries
